Customer
Description: Person who buys items from store.
Actors: Customer
Basic flow of events: 
1. Scans QR code.
2. View availabilty in the store in. 
3. Check availability in other stores. 
4. Add items to basket. 
5. View/edit basket.
6. Check out 
7. Login/create account/guest 
8. Pay.
Extensions: 
Faulty code -> System informs the actor, not allowed to proceed.
Can't find item in any store -> Informs the user.
Can't connect/error with payment system handler -> Inform the user.
Already have an existing account -> Infrom the user, ask for another email.
Password doesn't meet requirements -> Ask to come up with a new password.
Payment doesn't authenticate -> Show user error message from payment handler.
Post conditions:
Deduct items from stock, email user with order confirmation.
Special conditions:
Connected to Internet, uses compatible device.

Staff
Description: A employee of the store.
Actors: Staff
Preconditions: Work there, training in using the system, account with the system.
Basic flow contents:
1. Create an account.
2. System authenticates user as an employee.
3. Scan QR code.
4. Find item in the database to match with.
5. Link the code and the item.
6. Update inventory.
7. System acknowledges the data has been added.
8. Employee signs out of the system.
Extensions:
System fails to authenticate the actor -> "Try again", can't proceed.
Item to be added has already been added. -> Add a different item.
Not a clear QR code -> Scan again.
Can't connect to stock management system -> Inform user, try again.
Post condition: Item exists in the system's database.
Special requirements: Connected to Internet, employee of the company, compatible device.

Payment handler
Description: Handler of the customer's payment.
Actor: Payment Handler.
Preconditions: Order with outstanding payment.
Basic flow of events:
1. Takes card details and the amount owed.
2. Verifies and carries out the payment.
3. Infrom the system if it has been successful or not.
Extensions:
Payment wasn't successful -> Inform the user of why.
Can't connect to payment system -> Inform the user, try again.
Post conditions: Payment successful, order completes.
Special requirements: 

Stock management system:
Description: Database containing stock information.
Actor: Stock Management System
Preconditions:
Basic flow of events:
1. Told whether to add or reduce stock.
2. Add or reduce stock by the specified amount.
3. Inform the system that the changes have been made.
Extensions:
Reduce stock and the quantity is already 0 -> Inform the user, item not available.
Item doesn't exits -> Inform the system that the product doesn't exist and needs to be added and linked to.
